//DFS
    The time complexity of this DFS implementation depends on the graph data structure used.
    In a graph with V vertices and E edges, DFS runs in O(V + E) and O(V 2) if the graph is
    stored as Adjacency List and Adjacency Matrix, respectively.

    The DFS code shown here is very similar to the recursive backtracking code.
    If we compare the pseudocode of a typical backtracking code with the DFS code shown above
    , we can see that the main difference is the flagging of visited vertices (states). 
    Backtracking (automatically) un-flag visited vertices (reset the state to previous state) 
    when the recursion backtracks to allow re-visitation of those vertices (states) from another 
    branch. By not revisiting vertices of a general graph (via visited checks), DFS runs in 
    O(V + E), but the time complexity of backtracking is exponential.

//BFS
    BFS starts with the insertion of the source vertex s into a queue, then processes the queue
    as follows: Take out the front most vertex u from the queue, enqueue all unvisited neighbors
    of u (usually, the neighbors are ordered based on their vertex numbers), and mark them as
    visited. With the help of the queue, BFS will visit vertex s and all vertices in the connected
    component that contains s layer by layer. BFS algorithm also runs in O(V + E) and O(V 2)
    on a graph represented using an Adjacency List and Adjacency Matrix, respectively.


//Finding Connected Components (Undirected Graph)
    We can simply use the following code to restart DFS (or BFS) from one of the
    remaining unvisited vertices to find the next connected component. This process is repeated
    until all vertices have been visited and has an overall time complexity of O(V + E).

    // inside int main()---this is the DFS solution
    numCC = 0;
    dfs_num.assign(V, UNVISITED); // sets all vertices’ state to UNVISITED
    for (int i = 0; i < V; i++) // for each vertex i in [0..V-1]
        if (dfs_num[i] == UNVISITED) // if vertex i is not visited yet
            printf("CC %d:", ++numCC), dfs(i), printf("\n"); //

//Flood Fill - Labeling/Coloring the Connected Components
    DFS (or BFS) can be used for other purposes than just finding (and counting the number
    of) connected components. Here, we show how a simple tweak of the O(V + E) dfs(u) (we
    can also use bfs(u)) can be used to label (also known in CS terminology as ‘to color’) and
    count the size of each component. This variant is more famously known as ‘flood fill’ and
    usually performed on implicit graphs (usually 2D grids).

//Topological Sort (Directed Acyclic Graph)
    Topological sort (or topological ordering) of a Directed Acyclic Graph (DAG) is a linear
    ordering of the vertices in the DAG so that vertex u comes before vertex v if edge (u → v)
    exists in the DAG. Every DAG has at least one and possibly more topological sort(s).
    One application of topological sorting is to find a possible sequence of modules that a
    University student has to take to fulfill graduation requirement. Each module has certain
    pre-requisites to be met. These pre-requisites are never cyclic, so they can be modeled as a
    DAG. Topological sorting this module pre-requisites DAG gives the student a linear list of
    modules to be taken one after another without violating the pre-requisites constraints.
    To complete the discussion about topological sort, we show another algorithm for finding
    topological sort: Kahn’s algorithm.

//Bipartite Graph Check
    Bipartite graph has important applications that we will see later in Section 4.7.4. In this
    subsection, we just want to check if a graph is bipartite (or 2/bi-colorable).
    We can use either BFS or DFS for this check, but we feel that BFS is more natural. 
    The modified BFS code below starts by coloring the source vertex(first layer) with value 0, 
    color the direct neighbors of the source vertex (second layer) with value 1, color the neighbors 
    of direct neighbors (third layer) with value 0 again, and so on, alternating between value 0 and
    value 1 as the only two valid colors. If we encounter any violation(s) along the way—an edge with
    two endpoints having the same color, then we can Sconclude that the given input graph is not a bipartite graph.

// Graph Edges Porperty Check via DFS Spanning Tree
    Running DFS on a connected graph generates a DFS spanning tree3 (or spanning forest4 if
    the graph is disconnected). With the help of one more vertex state: EXPLORED = 2 (visited
    but not yet completed) on top of VISITED (visited and completed), we can use this DFS
    spanning tree (or forest) to classify graph edges into three types:
        1. Tree edge: The edge traversed by DFS, i.e. an edge from a vertex currently with state:
           EXPLORED to a vertex with state: UNVISITED.
        2. Back edge: Edge that is part of a cycle, i.e. an edge from a vertex currently with state:
           EXPLORED to a vertex with state: EXPLORED too. This is an important application of
           this algorithm. Note that we usually do not count bi-directional edges as having a
           ‘cycle’ (We need to remember dfs_parent to distinguish this, see the code below).
           Shortly back edges point from a node to one of its ancestors in the DFS tree
        3. Forward/Cross edges from vertex with state: EXPLORED to vertex with state: VISITED.
           These two type of edges are not typically tested in programming contest problems.
           Shortly Forward egdge point from a node to one of its descendants.

//Finding Articulation Points and Bridges
    An ‘Articulation Point’ is defined as a vertex in a graph G whose removal (all edges
    incident to this vertex are also removed) disconnects G. A graph without any articulation
    point is called ‘Biconnected’. Similarly, a ‘Bridge’ is defined as an edge in a graph G whose
    removal disconnects G. 

        1. Run O(V + E) DFS (or BFS) to count number of connected components (CCs) of the
            original graph. Usually, the input is a connected graph, so this check will usually gives
            us one connected component.
        2. For each vertex v ∈ V // O(V )
            (a) Cut (remove) vertex v and its incident edges
            (b) Run O(V + E) DFS (or BFS) and see if the number of CCs increases
            (c) If yes, v is an articulation point/cut vertex; Restore v and its incident edges

    This naive algorithm calls DFS (or BFS) O(V ) times, thus it runs in O(V × (V + E)) =
    O(V^2 + V E). 
    
    But this is not the best algorithm as we can actually just run the O(V + E)
    DFS once to identify all the articulation points and bridges.
    
    John Edward Hopcroft and Robert Endre Tarjan DFS variant could find the articulation points and
    bridges in O(V+E).

//Finding Strongly Connected Components (Directed Graph)
    Yet another application of DFS is to find strongly connected components in a directed graph,
    This is a different problem to finding connected components in an undirected graph. In Figure 4.9, we have a similar graph to the graph in Figure 4.1,
    but now the edges are directed.

//Minimum Spanning Tree
    //Kruskal’s Algorithm
        Joseph Bernard Kruskal Jr.’s algorithm first sorts E edges based on non decreasing weight.
        This can be easily done by storing the edges in an EdgeList data structure
        and then sort the edges based on non-decreasing weight. Then, Kruskal’s algorithm greedily
        tries to add each edge into the MST as long as such addition does not form a cycle. This
        cycle check can be done easily using the lightweight Union-Find Disjoint Sets.

        The overall runtime of this algorithm is O(sorting
        + trying to add each edge × cost of Union-Find operations) = O(E log E + E × (≈ 1)) =
        O(E log E) = O(E log V 2) = O(2 × E log V ) = O(E log V )

    //Prim’s Algorithm
        Robert Clay Prim’s algorithm first takes a starting vertex (for simplicity, we take vertex
        0), flags it as ‘taken’, and enqueues a pair of information into a priority queue: The weight
        w and the other end point u of the edge 0 → u that is not taken yet. These pairs are
        sorted in the priority queue based on increasing weight, and if tie, by increasing vertex
        number. Then, Prim’s algorithm greedily selects the pair (w, u) in front of the priority
        queue—which has the minimum weight w— if the end point of this edge—which is u—
        has not been taken before. This is to prevent cycle. If this pair (w, u) is valid, then the
        weight w is added into the MST cost, u is marked as taken, and pair (w, v) of each edge
        u → v with weight w that is incident to u is enqueued into the priority queue if v has not
        been taken before. This process is repeated until the priority queue is empty. The code
        length is about the same as Kruskal’s and also runs in O(process each edge once × cost of
        enqueue/dequeue) = O(E × log E) = O(E log V ).

    //Other Applications
        ‘Maximum’ Spanning Tree
        ‘Minimum’ Spanning Subgraph
        ‘Minimum’ Spanning Subgraph
        Second Best Spanning Tree
        Minimax (and Maximin)